From Chicago, my home town.
The home of the greatest football team in the world, the Chicago Fuckheads.
Look, you know, you got cocky, you know.
I would have said something nice if you didn't, but you know, you were fooling yourselves,
so fuck you.
It's Harmontown!
I am the ugly Jeff Davis.
And now, for your listening pleasure, Daniel Harmon!
The gayest nerd ever.
Hi.
So, did you notice something special about the show's format tonight?
Yeah, we got a fucking real organist.
Yeah!
No, this guy.
No, you've been here for years, right?
Like how many years?
92.
And what's the name again?
Sorry.
Dennis Scott.
It's kind of like a fake name.
Dennis Scott previously a real name, wanted in three states, but now creating a new life
as of 92 as an organist in a theater.
Dennis Scott.
No such lineage ever.
Pick up first name and then give us a last name for God's sake.
Dennis Scott.
Yeah, he's an icon here at this 1929, this theater.
I used to come here and watch movies.
I came here, I invited a bunch of friends over one Christmas Eve, it was December 23rd
and I invited all my friends to come and watch it, it's a wonderful life here.
And no one came.
And I, it was me looking at the screen and at the end when it said, no man is a failure
who has friends, worst night of my life.
Dennis Scott's shift usually ends an hour ago.
I kicked some money in, I thought it would be fun to have him here for a Harmontown
show.
It is?
Yeah.
So, for instance, if we were to say, oh, it's time for Dino to tell us about the craziest
sexual thing he's ever done.
My mom's in the audience, my mom's in the audience.
Oh, that's true, I do have a couple rules because my mom's in the audience.
I have a few things.
It's time for Dino's rules segment.
Yeah.
The saddest segment ever.
So, there's a few things that we can't say on this show.
First thing, cunt.
Can't say cunt.
Like, just in general?
Don't say cunt at all.
Not just, we can't say your mom's a cunt.
I don't know about that.
Mostly cunt.
I mean, there's certain variables involved.
You know, she probably doesn't like cuntiness or cunt load or cunt organ.
We were at dinner at a fine Greek restaurant today.
I went and joined Dino and his family, including his mother, who is wonderful, 80 years old.
81.
She'll make you remember.
You wouldn't know it from talking to her, she's got all the pluck of Christian Slater
from Heather's.
That's what I actually picture when I'm talking to her.
Guess the one person who doesn't understand that joke here.
Exactly.
I love it.
But she loves me and I love her.
You call her MamaTopoulos.
I call her MamaTopoulos.
Because I can never remember her first name.
Tula.
Oh, he doesn't give a shit about her first name.
But tonight, Dino's like a thousand years old.
I'm turning 50 this year.
It's the new 30.
It's the new sexy.
Tonight, for the first time in his 50 year life, sitting next to his mom in a Greek restaurant
in Chicago.
She screamed this.
Dino was razing his mom as he often does.
Oh, mom, you're a piece of shit.
Whatever.
Like, oh, mom.
And tonight, for the first time ever, ever, I swear to God, your mom spun toward you and
pointed a finger at you and said, you were a mistake.
Which is amazing.
The thing that was amazing to me is that it took her that long to tell you that.
Because my mom told me that as soon as I learned the words you, were, and mistake.
No, she was winding up for the big one.
She knew she had a fucking moment where I was going to give her shit a lot.
And it was tonight.
And I love that there was also some fracas there.
And then your brother was also at the table, and he's older than you, right?
No, he's two years younger.
Oh, OK.
Well, his ponytail's gray hair.
But he was, and then at a certain point, she wheeled at him and said, you were a mistake
too.
I know.
She's really, I think she screamed, you were a mistake.
You are all mistakes here to my mom.
I love that that's like, if you live long enough as a woman, that is actually, you're
right.
Like, no way, you get to go.
You're all a fucking mistake.
Because it occurred to me when she said that, that Yahweh was saying that to Adam and Eve.
And that humankind, whether you believe Darwin's version of the species development or in fundamentalist
principle, both agree on one thing.
We are a mistake.
Yeah.
And that's a profound thing.
Like, who wants, who here wants to be the result of a divine plan?
That's dumb.
Stupid.
No.
Here are some things that are the result of a lot of planning.
Aftermash.
Good organ.
They had all the time of the world to think of that one.
The organ guy here, the hangover, yeah, yeah, what is his name, Dick Wolf, Dick, Dick Wolf
on organ.
Dick Wolf is fine.
Second thing we can't say part.
Let's just try.
I just want to get out of my system.
All right.
I want to, I want to wrap.
I guess this bit's over.
I want to wrap.
We got to try it.
Can you just like, let's take anything with a steady tempo.
Okay.
Yeah.
Wrapping to the organ because the beat is my own.
I fucked your mama so hard she tried to call me on the phone.
I said, I can't talk to you.
I'm calling you back.
I fucked your mama so hard that her heart got a crack.
I put my dick in the crack and I made it extra wide.
I fucked your mama so hard she said, bye, oh, my, oh, my.
Yeah.
I fucked your mama.
1929.
It's raining pennies.
I fucked your mama, the depression fucked your mama.
I fucked your mama.
All right.
I think, I, I, I, I, thanks kids, thanks.
I hate to bring this up now, but number three is fucked your mama.
We can't say that at all.
Number four, don't say Jesus sucked a cock.
He's very religious.
He's Gregor the dox.
I get, I get weirded out when I hear that and I hate Jesus.
So I heard a story, okay, we'll, we'll, we'll get back to the list later.
It's my only written bit.
Oh, are we going to watch Nasperatu?
I, I, there was somebody that told me a story in the community writer's room that, that
there was a person who, like, I guess this must happen all the time and I'm worried because
there's probably 800 people here that this happened to one of them.
And every once in a while, a grandparent kills a kid.
I don't know how much you paid him, but money well spent.
Every once in a while in America, somewhere, a father of 35 who has a two year old child
leaves his child in the care of his 70 year old mother.
Oh, so it's my mistake.
It's not, it's not premeditated.
It's not underworld.
Yeah.
The, I don't know.
Can you, can you imagine, I just want to imagine like, like everyone here in this room is like
in some state of either hating their parents or hope or having their own kids.
There is never any in between.
Can you imagine like if you were like, okay, I fucking hate my parents, but I have my own
kid.
Mom, will you babysit the kid?
Yeah.
I got to go to work and then you come home and your mom is like, I killed your kid.
No, I, I agree.
I'd be the worst grandparent.
Once I got drunk, I'd be time to hold the baby.
But I'm saying, I'm thinking, they were talking about that in a writer's room and I said,
I actually got excited because I was like, did you, did you give them $5,000?
Really?
Yeah.
This guy's working overtime.
I actually picture if my mom killed my kid, I, there was a little bit of excitement because
I was like, I could kill my mom.
And while I was killing her, I could be like, you, I'm not going to hell for this.
You love Greek tragedies.
It was worth it.
I'll have another kid, but this one's not on me.
I don't know.
You wouldn't feel that way.
You'd love your kid.
Sorry to bring everything down.
I love my kid and I tashed that love in for an opportunity to kill my mother and have
another kid free of her influence.
You're better than me.
I would, I would, I would be, I would just be sad.
Your mom mentioned something tonight at the dinner table.
Oh, I have another word we can't say.
Cunt.
Did I say that already?
She doesn't mind cunt face for some reason, but yeah, that was a little, uh, yeah.
Wait until you hear the next one.
It's a biggie.
Uh, your mom said she had the gout at one point and I wanted to bring her up and ask
her about the gout.
She doesn't want to come up.
I know she doesn't want to come up, but I want to know about the gout.
I'll tell you all about it.
What's the gout?
The gout is when you eat rich food, your, your, your foot swells up and you can't, you
can't even put a little sheet.
You can't put like a, like a tissue on it because it hurts so much.
Jesus.
It hurts so bad, right?
Do you have the gout?
Come up here.
Can you come up and talk about your gout?
He's got the gout.
When it rains out gout, he's going to the downtown.
Can you, can you?
Get out, hat and my tail coats and my ring stone monocle.
I'm going to see King Kong till photographers.
Hey.
Deftly, deftly, deft.
Deft.
Poneys from heaven.
Yes.
Hi.
Hello.
What's your name, sir?
I'm Jordan Brown.
Jordan Brown.
Jordan?
Can you pretend you're my mom for the next four years?
And also pretend like you wanted me?
Oh, no, I can't do that.
Just have the gout and talk to us about it.
Do you need to sit down, first of all? Is that part of the gout?
Hey, where's the vodka, by the way? What the fuck is going on with this?
It was too much to ask.
Too much for Chicago. This is my home goddamn town.
Where's the kettle on?
I don't understand what I'm supposed to do with the microphones to make them stop doing that.
I feel like I'm just learning the force.
No, Luke, don't put the red one near the blue one.
That's complicated. I thought I was supposed to open my mind.
Alright, what's the gout? What is it?
So it's, I mean, do you know what I was right?
It starts with rich foods, like a beef chicken.
What's rich mean?
Rich means anything. Well, gout was originally like a rich person back in ancient Greece and stuff.
It was like a rich person. The people who would get it were people who could afford to be fat.
So like, you know, I got the gout.
That's pretty much us.
Yeah.
So like saturated fats?
Yeah, it's all healthy fats.
Yeah, uric acid builds up in your...
Everyone who has an opinion, get up here.
We have a gout support group.
So the gout, then it collects in your foot.
Yeah, so you can have it, a lot of people get it in their elbow, but mine happens to be in both my feet.
I think, my theory is that if you don't walk around a lot of your truck driver, you get gout in your ass.
Like you get hemorrhoids. Hemorrhoids is the same as gout.
Is that the same?
Is that idiotic?
Your theory, we have a guy with gout.
He's not a doctor either.
But he's the next best thing to a doctor.
He's the guy who had gout.
He's the guy with gout.
All right.
I'm a guy with gout.
The only way you learn is by bouncing it off me.
I can say, no, Dino, that's not how it works.
So really, it's not...
Well, first of all, the terrible thing is you go to the doctor and you're like, my foot hurts.
And I have a micro fracture and he's like, no, you have gout.
And I was like, okay, so what can I take to get rid of you?
He's like, no, no, it's with you for life.
No, but you take pills, right?
No.
Yeah, my mom takes pills.
They don't do that until it's like really...
My mom takes pills.
Okay, Jesus Christ.
I ease the pain. Stop arguing with him.
I wish she had the fucking courage to get up here.
Your foot hurt.
And so the doctor says, you have gout.
You have it for life.
Yeah, and you get flare-ups like herpes.
But what is it?
Now you want to put...
It's not even...
It doesn't swell like really bad.
It's not noticeably red.
It's just you can't...
Like, it's the worst...
I've broken bone stuff.
It feels as bad as that.
And you just can't...
I can't walk for like a week, two weeks.
Because...
Because what's happening?
Youric acid builds up and it crystallizes in your bones and in your muscles.
And so it just makes it like sharp shooting pain.
Can you just drink some water, walk it off or something?
I do.
Well, I sit on my couch with like an ice pack and play FIFA for like a week.
White people problems.
I know.
All right.
Well...
Get up here.
No, don't tell him to get up here.
No, no, no, sorry.
Now he's coming up.
I'm not in control.
No, no, no, no, no, come on.
You already stood up.
Come on.
We got a lot of people coming up.
I'll step down.
If you talk, you get to come on up, Cameron.
If you speak, you get to come on up.
Do you have a mouth?
Then come on up, Cameron.
This has to do with German politics.
I do not know the meaning.
Cameron!
If you speak, you get to come on up.
Oh, okay.
I hate Tim Burton more than anyone.
All right.
What's your name, young man?
Tim Farrell.
Tim Carl?
Farrell.
Tim Farrell.
All right.
All right, Tim Farrell.
Tim Farrell.
All right.
It's member
Tiny daggers
All right, I like Tim Burton now
That kid was probably like a pre-med student. He probably had the most answers. Yeah, he go fuck himself
How long did your mom head go?
How she how long yeah, I don't know. How long have you had gout?
Forget it. Yeah, I was worried it killed her. She didn't answer. Can you can you look at her after the show?
You're a doctor, right? No
What are you doing here? I'm a fundraiser. All right, let's have a hand for gout man
And
Now we understand
Everybody understands gout better now
The n-bomb my mom hates the n-bomb. Oh, yeah, what's the hate it?
Hates the n-bomb or who doesn't what?
Who doesn't I agree she doesn't mind the word nigger though, but she hates n-bomb
It's a silly joke you made a silly you made a silly joke
I wrote one joke and you knew you knew you could get away with it because we're in Chicago
All right
Society corner. Oh, okay. I don't know what this is when you're flying on a plane
What what I understand that I've done it too sometimes you take off your shoes because
the shoes the shoes cover the
sock covered feet and
This and the sock covered feet are
They're you know your shoes. They oh boy. I've had these shoes on for so long and you're on a plane
It's you're right like like Jesus Christ. I'm on the plane for six hours take off your shoes
You get a little sock feet tucked under the seat in front of you
Who are these people with that then to take off the socks?
And everyone in this room has been on a plane with somebody you've all been there you've all seen bare feet on a plane
Right
Oh, what's going on? Is there is there anyone here who when they get you okay, kid
You take you take off your shoes and socks on a plane. Well, then get up here. Do you want to come up here?
Okay, all right
People I I definitely expected
If look, I mean he doesn't have socks on now. Well, okay, so don't do it
Okay, so yeah, what so so when you're on a plane you take off your shoes and this really is a show about nothing
What's it supposed to be about
I've never listened so you take off your shoes in your socks
Yeah, well usually I don't wear socks at all. So I just take off my shoes. All right, that's not fair
Thank you. I yeah
Because that's not I mean I used to wear socks with my vans, but now it's yeah, but why don't you wear socks?
It's a little tight, isn't it? Yeah, I don't know. I
Got two of the words in
Wait, I got cunt too. I think I got all of them. Yeah, what's left?
Nothing really I don't know
Your mother's balls
Harmless that was like sons of anarchy
So really okay, you're yeah, I mean so you don't wear socks so you're 14 and when you take off your shoes
You're a beer feeder. I you know what it is. It's young feet young feet are fine. Yeah, they're fine. It's okay
Well, now we're learning something about me. I
I like like like because if there was a 25 year old woman with beautiful feet and she was like
I don't have any socks on yeah, but nobody would be like. Oh, right. Oh, so what is this coach?
But it's the it's the fucking yeah, it's the it's the it's you it's the 70 year old man
Like baby feet like I would rather like swim in like a billion gallons of baby shit than walk past an old man. Yeah, yeah
Yeah, there was a guy on the plane to Chicago today. I looked over I did a double take I
Would I full disclosure? I only fly first class. So that's already working against this guy. What is he doing?
I
There was it. Did you ever see that Tom Hanks Jackie Gleason movie about dads?
Where and then Tom Hanks like looks under the table and he like notices his dad as diabetes
These are the things that happen
For those of you listening, the audience doesn't have a particular emotional attachment to Jackie Gleason. No
A bunch of a bunch of beer fell on electricity
It's Chicago and and we're gonna all run out of here in two seconds. Yeah
Fine, I don't get there was a guy with like fucking black toenails and and and white flaky feet
And I don't understand why he felt permission to put them up on the wall of the plane
Like he was like like he was John Draper and madmen but without shoes and it's just his gross big foot feet were
Everywhere and they were the first signs of him dying and no one wants to look at that. Right. Yeah
Maybe that's what he wanted everyone to see me. I mean, maybe I'll get there. Maybe I'm like, okay. Yeah, I'm dying
Yeah, deal with death. All right, so your mom the gout you were a mistake. Okay, and then your brother said
I'm glad I'm a putting over your show
Oh, your mom your mom your mom is famous for once
You you were you were teasing a neighborhood kid about their name. Oh, yeah, I was yeah
I was teasing someone about their name and I said mom. Can you believe this kid's name and she's like, oh, you should talk?
Like you were at least 50% in charge of naming me
All right, I'm sorry. All right, so kid shoeless Joe Sackless Joe
Yeah, what's your name? My name is Michael Zerpack Michael Zerpack. All right another fake name
Here here here to see if I passed the test and become the last starfighter
Michael Zerpack is there anything you want to plug before we eject you
Armand town yeah, I'm actually I'm starting my own blog soon like
No fucking plug it plug it. Okay. It's um, I don't have much of a plan for it yet
That's no, this is this is good. This is I had an idea for this by like a year ago
And I'm starting it now right within next month after finals and stuff, but um, where where where are you?
He's starting a blog
Start being a block block
Yeah
Gonna be filled with insights about what it's like to not wear socks
All right, Blaine Capache, whatever his name is. Oh, yeah, so um
Can I can I be in your fucking blog? Will you write my name?
When I was waiting for the bathroom, I looked at you. It was like we made eye contact. I think and I'm gonna fuck the shit out of you later
Might be 14 room 705
Yeah, well, I looked at you and I was like hi mom
And you looked really familiar, but I didn't yeah, I look like your future
Get down baby get down before it's too late. Oh, I thought you were doing Kanye West
Okay, um, yeah, so that blog thing I'm talking about it's um, it's gonna be a
Okay
Okay, let him let just a couple more minutes. No, let them let them you let them yell at him
They did but but it's gonna be a blog and it's um, it's gonna be on tumblr
It's called a rushing backwards right now. It might change name later, but okay now for now
It's rushing backwards. Well, just yeah, is there is there a tweet we can subscribe to an Insta Insta Smurf
Keep up with it the blog thing changes. Okay, so um, yeah, I'm going back to twerps
It's um at Michael's airpaks, so they're M-I-C-H-A-E-L
C-Z-E-R-P-A-K just just probably your common sense to where you want to go
It's not that difficult people I want the organ guy to throw the
Into the blog he's talking about it's good
Thank you kid I
Think he had the gout. I can't remember
All right
All right, look I never thought I'd say this but is it time for D&D yet?
Well, it's certainly time for Spencer Crittenden to come to the stage
Standing ovation Chicago welcome Spencer Crittenden
They're on their feet. They're on their fucking feet
Holy fuck is this the right microphone, holy shit
There are a lot of sexy women in the audience tonight
There are a lot of sexy women with short-hand audience tonight and also up to this may be Jim Henson's greatest creation I
have
My dad was a puppeteer, and I have had three beers
Holy shit
My god you guys I have had quite a day
Yeah, so it wasn't showing us around no you showed me around right baby and by around
I mean the meaning of Greek family
Yeah, most of it most of you it was you in your hotel room because my text message conversations with you
sometimes
Now in some way he's supposed to be your assistant, right?
Well, yeah, but I mean I'm more of his man-servant and we're gonna get technical
Not when we take these trips. He's off the clock. Okay. Okay, but okay, so
Let's see
So Dino and oh, so I know I just go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's important your text message thread
He's not even drunk. I ain't never drink
You're applauding the liver damage
It's a liver damage you're plotting. Can you can you pull up? Do you can you pull up your text message conversation with me?
And can we do like a live reading of okay? Yeah, yeah, yeah of today from let's go back to
Do I'm gonna do the action man. We got to go way back. Let's go back to
730 who's this guy? Oh
I asked him for a beer before you called me up. Oh, okay? Yeah
beer guy
Thanks, man
Also, can we just give another hand to the fucking it's it's Dennis Scott is it?
Holy shit, he's a civic treasure
He's been enhancing my enjoyment all evening 7 30 p.m. I dropped a pin for you as Lena
Dunham Dunham would say what you followed up with the with the words
Start start reading. This is where we'll be. I said this is where we'll be when should we be at the venue?
Just had a run-in with the cops
Tell Friedel thanks for the weed
That's him
So I said a run-in with the cops
What's going on?
Haha, well, do you need help?
Lol no, sorry, I realized the timing of those is odd. I'm smoking weed at the hotel
I'll tell you about the cops later, but they were just protecting corporate interests
They didn't harm me they didn't harm me I
Don't want to jinx it, but I'm getting the distinct feeling this is going to be a satisfying show. I
Love Dino's family. Oh my god. I love Dino's mom
What's the drill I'll do except for me? We're not done with this
Well, I mean is it it's not getting better is it well, let's keep it going
What's the driver's name max gay thanks I?
Might be wrong. Are you getting a ride to the venue? Yeah from max
Is it far?
We are five minute drive from venue long room on Irving Park
When are you leaving?
15 minutes fuck. I'm at here
Where?
Where do you meet and then time passes? Where do you mean by here? Can we help you in some way?
End of end of conversation
This is the first time I've seen him
The last thing he said to me was fuck I'm at here
That's pretty good because every city we go to
Because of his clever manipulations
Hey
He's not clever. He's just him
Like he is greeted at the airport by people throwing trash bags of marijuana at him. It's not it's not like that quite to that level
How come I don't get cocaine?
It's just a lot more expensive. Oh, that's true. Also. I don't know that there's the community around cocaine
There is around weed, right? It's more selfish. Yeah
So we have a lovely dinner
The walls are bleeding you guys I
Mean we're gonna be fine
But no I had a lovely dinner with Dino and his family and I came back to the hotel
I really really had to pee so bad and I was like holy shit. I'll I have my family does that
They make you have to inject fluids
But yeah, so I got back to the hotel and I'm like fuck I need to smoke weed and I
Ask I asked this the bell desk lady. Where can I buy some produce perhaps an apple or a banana and
7-eleven so I
Sprint to 7-eleven because I had to pee so bad and right as I'm going in homeless guy rolls up
He's like hey, man, you want to be my friend whatever, you know asking me he wants me to buy him cigarettes and I
When I'm hassled I'll give homeless people stuff that I have but fucking I don't want to buy cigarettes for a homeless guy
That seems kind of a lot of
Effort so I'm telling this guy
I can't give money and then the cops roll up and they're like hey, man
You can't be doing that here and I'm like that's not illegal is it and he's like actually walking up to me sternly
It is actually illegal and I'm like oh, you're the it's your job, man
I you'd be right because I have two grams of weed in my pocket
And I can't
And and I can't I can't I can't get it into an altercation because I mean
I'm the guy that's being harmed here
But I could quickly turn into a weird suspect all of a sudden, you know with weed on his purse
I hate to get all gnome Chomsky on you
But even if you don't have two grams of weed in your pocket, you're not allowed to get an altercation with someone who has a
Gun in a badge. Yeah, it's also they're allowed to pull you over on the street and ask to see your proof of a relationship with a
Corporation that ensures you against collision with another poor person. It's insane
Yeah, I couldn't talk to that. I legally could not talk to that man
He was being accosted by police for speaking with me. It's fucking insane
I think but so I have weed so I have to run and I run into the store. I buy a lighter. I buy an apple
I I run I run out. I literally sprint away. Why did you buy an apple?
We just had like fucking Greek food because Dino. Let me tell you something about apples
Dino if you take you didn't make a nice pipe out of some spina colpita. I
Couldn't I ate that all I ate all of it
But this beer sucks by the way, what happened to fucking old Milwaukee get a daisy cutter son like this is like Chicago
favorite sale half-acre
But so that I'm back at the hotel smoking weed after I sprint past the police
Which has to be the most suspicious thing I've done
But I get back to the doll sir smoking weed and I'm so full of these rich gout inducing foods
that
I barf into the toilet
It's really it was tough man. I was sorry my people. Let me tell you something about feta cheese
Out of all the foods you can vomit up
Feta cheese tastes by far the best
It tastes just like feta
I don't know if that's a compliment, but I'll take it and that's when I realized this is gonna be a good show
All right, how much time do we have left we had to make this a tight one because they got Rocky horror picture show coming up here
Yeah, it's 1055 we got about 40 40 Jesus
I'm out of jokes and what do you you you you you don't want to play D&D with us
I want to do anything that anyone wants me to do. I want to play D&D. All right, can you?
You weren't very cooperative. I know I'm not I'm not a one-trick pony. I'm gonna do it
Okay, all right. Well, I want to bring up somebody I ran into on the sidewalk out there
If she's willing to come up
Does she have short hair? Oh, come on. I'm the guy who hits on people. Hey, I'm drunk now. It's a new Spencer. Yeah, I gotta tell you
I'm sharing a room with Dustin. Seriously just date Spencer for a while. Yeah, all you Chicago people come on
Seriously, I'm a good guy. I love them
Not you Spencer got a story
I'm a bad person when I'm drunk. I'm sorry. You're very sweet. You're very sweet. You're a wonderful young man
It's so embarrassing two beers. You're fine. You're fine. We love you. We all have them, right?
Oh, can I tell you about the Uber driver I
Got the driver to pick me up. You're starting to wear thin. I know I know this is the last anecdote. I'm joking
I just said we love him. I got the Uber driver to pick me up and he was like, which way do you want to go?
Do you want to take the expressway? Do you want to take services? I'm like, oh, man
I'm not from around here. What do you whatever works?
Because I'm high as fuck
And the guy's like I'll take the fastest way, you know us taxi cab drivers make more money
If we get more people so I'll take you the fastest way. I'm like, what the fuck dude
I'm deferring to you and you're trying to get all high and mighty over. What ways the best and
Then I realized he was just being really helpful. He was just like
This is what you need to know about cab drivers is this is how they make their money. He was trying to help
I thought he was being all high and mighty to me being like, here's how it works, man
We get people to where they're going. That's how we make money
But he was like, no, we actually this is our business. And so we had a lovely talk
So so Spencer, do you do you feel better now that you you've let this out? No, I feel really hurt
Betrayed even I feel like Spencer. You're a young man. You're a young man. There's a
Go ahead say something else
Yeah, there is a storm raging beneath you. There's a storm raging beneath you
He gets it
When Spencer, I want to tell everybody here in Chicago when we've gone to how many 45,000 cities together
Yeah, no 47,000 Spencer
Nothing I look forward to more
Like the idea of oh, we're going to this and that city
Oh, what it let's all meet at my house and get into a car together. Yeah, how's he gonna react?
Spencer is always like, I'll go by myself. So and I was like, okay. All right, fine that over time
It's like Spencer. Why are you always going by yourself? And then Spencer slowly reveals. He says I
It's not I don't
Want to not go to the airport with you guys, but when I like to have my car at the airport
Because when the plane lands, I want to get to my car as quickly as possible and we'll have control over
Where I'm going as quickly as possible and and that's something that's taken away from me when the airports
Take a car driver. Look at him. He looks like a hermit. I can't believe so cares about control. So today
I got new insight into this
Because you said this is a second time
I've been in a car with you where we've been driving and I pop up on my laptop and I start playing Minecraft and
Spencer, this is the second time Spencer goes. It says to the driver. Hey
How how long?
Do you what's the
How long do you think I'm making you sound stupid? How long do you think it'll take to get there?
Yeah, how long do you think it'll take to get there about? What's the estimated time estimate and the driver will go like oh
I
I guess a bunch of bullshit if there's wind I've got 27 minutes and there's a go. Okay, cool. Cool. Yeah
But isn't that me texting you asking you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, thank you though
I appreciate that Spencer in a vacuum cannot handle being contained in a metal cocoon
Right with no control over wind or knowledge. I just feel like I'll become a metal butterfly
So so today he did that he did it again. He goes like we're
How long to the thing and the and the and the driver who's adorable goes like with traffic 20 minutes
And then and then the driver the driver kept going the driver kept going like oh just because Spencer said that he's like
Just 15 more minutes of the thing and it's Spencer said
Paraphrasing Spencer said
Look, I I wasn't asking earlier because I am on a schedule
It's just that normally when I drive to places. I know when I'm going to get there
It's true. And when someone else is driving me, I don't know when I'm going to get there
It's true
So I need to ask them when I'm going to get there and I was like this is fascinating
Yeah
This is incredible
Because I've never I would get I mean, and I'm not a good person for saying this I would get out of an airport
Jump into a car
Six hours like I would be like whoa
Thanks a lot. Here's $50. I
Spencer's like he needs to know where he's going and what's going on. You don't trust anybody. It's
Oh, yeah, I don't you trust me. Don't you? Yeah, totally
It's I mean, this is not humorous
But it's just like my whole life is about getting to know situations before I enter them
Like I'm all about research and putting in legwork and figuring out how things are gonna be and then easing myself into a situation
When I'm traveling it's really weird not knowing exactly where we're going or how long it'll take and it's just like if I'm in LA
I'll be like it'll take 10 minutes to get here and 10 minutes to get it's just
Interesting not having not being that person designed to get me places and not knowing like if I'm gonna be in the car for 15 minutes
Or 70 minutes. It's weird describe to me the worst-case scenario like when you think of when you go like I don't want to be this guy
Oh, well, I have to shit
Like I really have to go to the bathroom or do something or I'm thinking about like masturbating or you
You would hate being a dog
But you could say to anybody I have to pull over. I have to take a shit. I'm saying like what's your word? Hey, what?
Let's unpack that. Well if somebody
If somebody's driving you for so long that you have to oh, yeah, no, no
I would in that very same Uber driver
I was in I almost didn't reroute the car to the direction we were supposed to be going because I didn't want to bother the guy
like that's just my
damage
But so are you are you polite or are you a control freak because you don't want to not know how soon you can get somewhere?
Yeah, I mean, that's literally the first time I've asked that question
And we've been on the road several times where I haven't had this is fucking boring. I'm I don't I I'm a I'm a bad person
I you're right. No, I fix myself. You're a bad person. No, I know I know like I just want to spice the things up. Ah
That's like it's amazing that you can't house my Greek
You can't put him in a car if you if you I don't like change
And you don't tell him where you're where he's going and how soon he's gonna get there. He will yeah
And look at him now. Yeah, look at me now
Damn, look at me now
All right, so time for D&D. All right. Yeah, we got we're in a tight schedule here
We're gonna need a woman to play some of the womanly characters. I
Hold it. I met a woman on the sidewalk
And she pushed all the right buttons because she's
She's a professor at the University of
Chicago
She's
Studies neurology and and it's and it's relationship with racism
Jenny are you here? Oh
Shit, this is the updo
I'm sorry to reduce you to haircut. That's not what you deserve at all. Hi. I don't know
Really think about that Spencer. She studies neurology and it's relationship with racism. Yeah
Yes, you can you can have all kinds of beers
They're shitty non-Chicago beers. Oh shit. You need maybe we're like an old style that work old Milwaukee or something
This is good
All right, so
Neurology as I understand is about the
Neuro I'm aware of the human mind. It's not the hardware shit. We cannot change true. So
I'm assuming you're gonna say some uncomfortable things if you're a neurologist and you're studying racism
Well, I'm a neuroscientist
Slightly different because I don't have a medical degree. You study racism. What? Yeah, so I study
I said the n-word today. What did you think about that?
Did it turn you on?
I
Love that or interpretation that was
Anytime Dino enters a room
Yeah, so I started stereotyping and prejudice in the brain
So what what does that mean? Okay, so I study. I don't think Asians could do that
Awesome
Can we please tell the podcast people at home? Oh, yeah guys, so that she's slightly Asian
Slightly I'm I'm mixed race. I'm mixed race. So I'm mixed race. Yeah. Yeah. Well, who's dominant, baby
I'm quarter. I'm perfect quarter. I'll quarter. I got a quarter in my pocket. Yeah, that says you're a full Asian. What? I don't know
That's from a radio play called Hitler hits on women
Hey
You got a little Nazi in you. Oh
Sorry, yeah, so I'm Japanese French Mexican and Native American
Man, yeah, French
French is the only thing that is an Asian in you
Native American well, three of those are not Asian. No
No, no, well, didn't the Native Americans come over on the very straight. Yeah, didn't they like definition by the word
Native American that means Asian didn't they come over on the
Ice bridge
What else are you wait? What else did you say? I said French Japanese Japanese. Yeah, Native American
Mexican. Yeah, Mexican. That's as Asian as you can get
We're getting sidetracked here. I think her studies are the important thing. Oh, are they I don't know or are they
So I
Yeah, I show people pictures of you know different races and see how their brains respond. So what does it mean how their brains respond?
What are you measuring? So I typically measure I put people in FMRIs MRIs
And then I look at how their brains respond differently to typically white and black people and how it's
Coopted for the same systems that we respond to for emotions
So how we respond to basic things like snakes and spiders and how that's
Coopted for things like race. So you're putting you're putting people in a tube and scanning their brain and like seeing which parts of their
Brains light up and they're showing them images of snakes spiders black people and white people
Typically not snakes and spiders typically black people white people
Asians I mean don't be afraid and then sometimes. Yeah, so sometimes we like put people in tubes
Showed them pictures of different races had them shoot people of different races wait like video
See how well you finally got my attention
Yeah, I was like for a while. I was like dee dee dee dee dee dee boring, but now
Here we go
We don't have an FMRI machine, but can you test Dan can you test Dan right now? I could yeah, oh shit
Wait, you can test me. I mean I could stick you in a tube. Yeah, just point at it and say he's racist. I
Know he protests too much. I'm I'm the only non-racist here in this fucking room
But what are you I'm asking sincerely like what is your?
Branch like what are you guys seeking to discover so my specific branches is not necessarily
everyone's who studies the same thing that I do is about how to
Mitigate discrimination, so I study like ways to make people not racist
Make me not racist
Can I ask you an honest question is it about
Being aware and trying to actively combat your inherent biases. Yeah, actually, that's absolutely what it is
So it's mostly about I
Keep this is terrible. I keep telling that to people and then they keep calling me racist
It's like well, I can admit my inherent biases. It's mostly that people are
In the culture they grow up in the same culture. They know the same shit
Everyone has access to the same knowledge and that knowledge like influences your split-second decisions
Whether you actually really wanted to or not so people who explicitly really don't want to be
Racists and fucks who wouldn't who had never heard
For a second in a split-second decision
We'll do it because they're because of their circumstances, which is why the solution to
racism would be
increasing exposure to an environment in which those
Neurological pathways were no longer formed. Yeah, in other words, just people getting bored with the idea that we come in different colors
Yeah, so I think ultimately the idea is to make people not discriminate based on race in terms of their
Neurological responses and their split-second decisions, but right now noticing race is important because there's a lot of
Socio-economical status shit that goes on based on race
So if you deny someone their race you're kind of denying a whole history of shit that they went through
That's a really interesting thing
Yeah, big a drink the modern idea that that
invisibility of race is
The definition of non-racism has this weird cloaked like
Aggression to it where it which comes from big brother, which is like
Oh who wants more than George W. Bush?
For instance or the Pentagon for all of us to not see anything other than another human being when we look at it
But wait, okay. This is a serious thing
finally
my daughter when she was you know in preschool and kindergarten she had a friend who was black she was and
And my that's not a bad thing. No, it's a good. Well, we'll get to that. Just hold on buckle up
Well, I'm gonna turn her around. I'm gonna make her the biggest races here. No
But she was asked to describe her friend who she was talking about and she described her
She's only very long beautiful hair and and and brown eyes and she didn't mention her skin or anything. She didn't see
the
defining
characteristics of race in that when do we when do we first start seeing that actually it happens around
Three and four years old, but it gets stronger the older we get so because I think we're conditioned
It's because of exposure. So you are exposed to cultural attitudes and associations through TV and
And media and all kinds of in your parents mostly your parents, right? It's people coming out and saying that person's black
And also also you're like you notice novelty and things in your environment that are different and you get rewarded for
If somebody were to come up to me after the show and they were to say
Hey, my name is Glenn Glenn Johnson. I saw you at the
such-and-such show
Remember me with the pink hat and if I were to go pink hat
Um you and you're all you guys with the pink hats and you guys were there at the bachelor party
You the dopamine spikes you get rewarded as a primate for noticing patterns
Yeah, absolutely you you excel as a primate because you remember things you remember patterns and connections our brains formed
to notice to to
systematically process things and regulate and
Condense all this shit that we process and the simplest way to do that is to put a label on someone like the definition of
Charming is James Bond walking into a casino and smelling someone's perfume and saying oh, that's that kind of perfume
And the woman says oh my god, you're so amazing. You're so much more amazing than other men
The audience isn't a plaza
It's better got a beer everyone spends we got a beer. I'm sorry describe the derailed the good work
Just let's talk about racism
Connections like people remembering what color your eyes are
When's our anniversary all these things like like seemingly superficial connections
They become when they're politicized there
They're when they're attached to an inherently classic society
That's when they become problematic in all other areas. We reward them. We go. Oh that guy's so awesome
He remembered my birthday
true
but I
Thought you'd back me up more on this than that
No, she's a contrarian
Well, I feel like you know like we get rewarded for processing things in that manner, but that can get us into
Trouble right like if you're a police officer and you make a split-second decision to shoot an unarmed black man because you have these
associations
That's not fucking okay
Oh, you killed your mind. No, we're being censored, but you're right. You're right. No, I any other circumstance
We are rewarded. Yeah, I certainly wasn't saying oh god racism is great
All right, what I'm saying is what I'm saying is that re like racism is a thing that we fucking struggle with
Necessarily because we wake up in the morning ago. I'm gonna go hate a bunch of people today. It's often because
We're
What's going on? No, nothing's going on. We're just having a great discussion
How many beers have you had just let's race
No, I've had these three or five five. I don't know I
Can't get anything done with this guy
You're damn right what you're saying is right. I mean that's how we developed evolved as humans
It's how we not got eaten, but it's also how he decided racism was a cool thing
All right, okay, I'm sorry listening. I do my thing. I've read the reviews of my podcast
I know that I talk about people love your podcast damn shut up Spencer
She's a neurologist that's studying racism, I thought it would be interesting it was it is interesting still
Is I would like to talk to her for six hours. I would not be too. That's fine. It could not be too. That's fine. Let's
Let's keep her up. I like this isn't like the dick habit shows you ever watch that
His historically less people did
Then your show
All right, stay up here for a second. Will you okay and play Dungeons and Dragons? What do we when do we have to be out of here?
1055 1050 20 minutes 20
Jesus that's a really long Dungeons and Dragons. We can't do anything about it
Don't get mad a lot of you are here because in your youth Rocky horror picture show happened to you
They do it here and by the way Dan told me he'll talk to you forever after this. Yeah
Well, that is true
Where are we going to be after the show? Let's go. Let's go to the long room
We haven't we have a long enough. We have a place that we've arranged colons colons
We'll figure it out
Yeah, so I'll be I don't think everyone's gonna get ourselves a snack. All right
podcast Dan
I just I just I just heard my mom saying I
I
Didn't hear my mom say anything
That fucking bitch has been quiet all night. I wish I had the relationship with my mom that Dan that Dino does
I don't think she has the relationship. I have with her
I think we all feel that way because his mom's like, you know, she's a fucking bad ass
She's a badass. She's a badass. She's a badass. She's generally with us and she's flinty
And she she kept offering me tzatziki. It was great
That's the one I can't do man
They are
I love my mother. I love her. All right. Do we have an do we have enough people to play?
Let's see we got dungeon master
They're way ahead of us. Yeah, they got it. They got our number
Do we need another person is that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I'm not picking all of your yelling. I'm not picking either. I promise
Did anybody get I just heard did anybody get that on their iPhone? No, no
Dan
His leg could be broken now and he wouldn't let on no, no, I would never
How do we choose art is damn actually, okay, is he okay? I don't know
It's got oh my god. This guy's got a Vincent Price shirt on lying
I don't think they can hear us check your privilege everybody. I'm looking for handicapped people. I'm looking for
I'm a full Asian full Asian. We already got like a kind of
Sit down you fucking nip
I think what oh, thank you. Okay. All right, that's that's yeah, okay
Oh god, I'm so sorry. Yeah, I can't believe the mics go that deep. I
Guess you guys come on
There's nobody that has like a like an over-the-top like disability or that's such a rude weird thing
He's a Mormon we got a Mormon over here
Let's just start dancing. What it what are you pointing at him for? What's it? What's his deal?
This is just say it. What's what's his deal?
She has short hair
You guys are the worst
I'm lucky for all right, what's this guy's deal
What kind of cripple
How crippled is he I know he's got a fucked up hip
You're not all right. He's got a fucked up. Bring him up here. See look. We did it
Great Russian. I don't know if you might cut at some point. You're telling me
Wait, what's happening? We get a guy with a fucked up hip coming up. This is live
I think a lot of them broke away edit this shit. You don't have anyone Dan. You don't have anyone
No, he has a fucked up hippies coming. Oh, okay
I'm sorry, man. I don't know the shit is live. We can't even edit this
What do you think's for sale? It's not Manimal on Thursday nights. Oh my god. Can we watch Manimal on Thursday nights?
But I'm worried are we gonna get canceled?
Yeah
All right, I met this guy, right?
All right, why don't you sit down here this chair? I mean, he's he's pretty much me. I should go sit down, right?
Yeah, man, get out of here
My friends would like to hang out with you hang out with them. Yeah, just do it. I'll get I'll take pictures with people while you guys
I'm proud of myself what without talking to him
the opposite of her
And everywhere
If you were an alien and you were gonna eat humans
You the these were the two shakers you'd have on your table
It needs a little bit more upside-down cross on a baseball cap
Couple shakes of a quarter Asian
Oh, come on down
That's come full circle to everyone just being like yeah
The universal music for boring
boring
What if you what if you went to China and you were at a baseball game, and they said please rise for the national anthem
And it was that
That you know you laugh, but that exact thing happened to the country of Kazakhstan
Because the borat version of the Kazakhstan theme song played at the fucking Olympics really? Yeah, how does it go?
Kazakhstan is great is country in the world, you know like that in my own
Yeah, you can have it man. Thank you. He's a lovely gents
Why is your kettle?
You made me cry today don't do that. Well you cry it. Oh, I cried my friends can tell you I cried
You're like you're like the Beatles fans
Okay
Was John Lennon
Was John Lennon a beetle
Fuck
Hey, you're good though. I have a lot of pot cookie, too, man. I didn't I did you are John Lennon
What the fuck are you talking about? I'm talking about getting shot
He got shot right I don't know people or things
We should just cash it all in and go home right almost almost
My mic didn't have that much. Thanks. I definitely need to blow my nose. That's very kind of you
Thank you, that's very kind of you to blow my nose with all right. He's inconspicuous so
So you think you you think you could do a little D&D with us?
Yes, he does think that I will answer for him
Okay, all right, well turn towards that guy now now you say those words you think you could do some D&D
Yes, I
Just blew my nose
All right. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. I'll do whatever it is. Come on. We gotta get out of here in 12 minutes
I know okay, so what do you want? We're in the care of the characters. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we'll need those
Well, sorry Phil vamp vamp everybody vamp Dungeons and Dragons music
Exactly
Like kind of yeah middle-earth middle-earth. Yeah dick wolf is here
Oh, the eye of Sauron sees everything but she doesn't see my lady
Oh when a penny falls from heaven
I got an orc for a nickel. Can I I got a gold-plated sword, but I'm going to practice black magic
But I can't keep the black magic in my mind
Got a lady on my quarter
With a nickel in my border
Look at these things they're tax forms
I mean, you don't have to understand them. That's the view why you give them to me because it's my job
Thank you. That's very kind
You're really by the books. I fucking hippie deal on the job guy fuck. All right. I guess I can't do this D&D
Here we go music me. Give me something really dark and
Fantasy like Lord of the Wings
Yeah, all right, I haven't prepared anything so this is just off the top
When we last met our heroes were on the ghost way a perilous path forged by ghosts
Wrought completely in darkness and without vision our heroes
Accomplished the feat of getting across a pit trap without having eyes
But then Christopher realized he had goggles of night and the gang found their way to vision
Using their vision they got to the end of the ghost way where their path was barred by a ghostly portcullis
The portcullis was made quick work of by Chris de Burgh's roguery skills
And the gang was out
Following the cave little Baskins let them know that they would get quite cold and chilly and they would need some warm skin
So they thought to get themselves some leather off the backs of rhinoceri and the gang with great gusto
Attacked rhinoceri and murdered them for their flesh skins
After leaving the cave our heroes found themselves in yet another graveyard
But the graveyard was not alone for they were encountered by double hand the fighter and
Onius the skullborn
Two gnolls claiming revenge for the murder of their blood mate
Yerch the gnoll
But as our foes drew up their powerful magics would our heroes be able to truly win the day
fight others or
kill shit
Find out next time on a Harmontown episode the end. Yeah, the end. How much time do we have?
Nine minutes or nine minutes. All right
Yes, thank you. Yeah, I do need those for reference. I
Examine my surroundings. You were in a small graveyard
Occupied by two gnolls as well as several members of the undead
The undead sure what do you want to do everybody go? I use diplomacy on on who I?
Baffle them with a 1080 form
Who are you?
Diploma sizing who are you?
Diploma sizing one of the gnolls
What
What do you say to them?
Don't fuck with us a little bit your words are convincing
It's a great game
It's a great game. I I want to like it. I just don't know how well
Just try harder. I mean it looks like the whole you threw your papers like homework
Well, don't don't look at it like that. Well, give make it colorful next time
It's all black and white and it's got grids and it's boring as an easy problem to solve my
Exactly, you knew I was gonna be here tonight. I didn't I did not. Oh, you didn't I did not
Diplomacy successful talk to anyone around here the gnolls the gnolls
They start speaking they're like holy shit. That's a really convincing argument
Well, I guess you got to tell us why you killed our fucking packmate because he was a great a great friend to us
And you murdered him
I'll answer that will you who are you? I'm
I'm Sharpie Buttsalot. He sure is and I've been through a great deal with this group and I've remembered 40% of it
That's generous and I say to you that your friend as
Much as he was an ally to you
He was an ally to me and as much as you would have felt betrayed by him succumbing to blood magic
I felt betrayed and I smote him for his crimes as you would have smitten him
I wouldn't have been a bit. Oh, I
Wouldn't have done that I wouldn't have done that because that was his mission to steal the blood book and all we need
Is that blood book and you fucking have it and I'm gonna murder your ass. You're gonna murder my ass
You don't even read that book
It's not a book you read
Motherfucker the last guy that read it turned into a shitbird that I killed because you killed him
Because reading it doesn't get you anywhere. Oh
Shit. Oh
Double shit. Well, then can can we can I have can I have it? You want the blood book?
Like yeah, it's literally why our good friends. I sure be I wave my sap over my fucking head
And I'm just like, you know, you better shit the fuck up
I need to mention and whack you on top of the fucking head listen to this motherfucker. I'm just fucking
I'm willing it around this just sounds like so much drunken babble
But the sap you have is no longer full of lead powder and it's
Simple leather sack. Yeah, but keep waving it though. Keep waving. It's threatening. It's threatening
I am I am an 80. I am an 80 year old man. I don't know what everyone's talking about
Get off my lawn
You're on my lawn bitch
Your mic doesn't work can we get her a new mic
Oh here use mine
No, for God's sake use mine
All right, say the thing say the thing
So sorry, I died
Well now that one doesn't work. Yeah. Oh, there we go. There we go. All right, so
Oh
Thank you for waving that sap around your head. I
Want I wanted to protect you. I appreciate it. I felt protected. I feel like we should have rolled for get off my lawn
I mean, it wasn't very convincing
All right, listen, hey
Jesus listen, I'm listening
You're the the blood magic book obviously rests in better hands with me does it
Every no hand it's been in has has been corrupted. That's one set of hands. It's not not a trend
Not a trend. I love Dino
So here we have two sets of data. I mean, what are you doing? I will pay you money. I
Will pay you blood
Charby so we're back. We do need money
Okay, all right, you know what you try to loot you try to loot a lot of times. Okay, you know what you're
What are we doing? Yeah, what am I doing? I've never used a book
What do you get what how much do you operate? I will not kill you and I will give you
7,000 gold pieces
Make it make it
Make it 14,000 and I won't kill you, you know
You know what you know what 6,000
17,000
I'm I'm your negotiations are failing my brother. No yours are
No, they know no yours are yours are failing. No yours are you're surrounded by skeletons
You're scur you're scurrounded by skeletons. Can I heal starburns?
Yes, yes
I'm gonna heal starburns. You do that. Who is starburns? That's quark
Quark is oh, yeah metagaming 16 health to quark. You feel you haven't made any headway in this negotiation
All right, so
So he's he's saying 6,000 man. I'm saying 9,000. Well 9,000 I can do I
Mean
9,000. Yeah, we can afford a resurrection
Holy shit, man
Wait, no, I give you 9,000
I still have enough money for a resurrection
I'll take 9,000. He's your blood book. All right, you convince him successfully
This couldn't have happened if I was sober
He would do you offer the book? Yep, he gives you a sack of
Whatever that a agreed-a-pound amount was
What what gives you the amount of money he agreed upon whatever that amount was? I
Know I give I feel like it was
9,000 we agreed on a yeah 9,000 I give him the book
Well, if you see your July don't be surprised because we're bringing him back. Hey if you see my dick
Be surprised oh because
It's supposed to be in my pants. I would have gone to 15,000
I would have I would have murdered you I would have I would have done all kinds of stuff
Well, I feel like I saved six thousand dollars and my life
No, you didn't you because you offered seven thousand and I jacked it up to 14 and we came down at nine
I fucked you I fucked you
You fucked me you fucked me you fucked me
I'm gonna walk backwards out of this situation with my hands up. I'm gonna I'm gonna walk backwards with my dick out
Walking backward with your dick out you realize that this truly was the best way to see it solve this scenario
The Windy City
The capital of Illinois no matter what they say a
Great city by a great lake
Do you know Stamatopoulos your guest cop Charlie?
Spencer Crittenden your Dungeon Master
Joe dirt your what was your name Greg Greg what was Chicago?
Jenny Jenny Jenny the neurologist racist
All of you all of you the music box theater eat that popcorn
And I will be at Cullen's that's the place Cullen's and I'll shake your hand and take your selfies and
And touch you and hug you
Thank you. God bless you